Update free-courses-hi.md - add ethical hacking course hindi (#10743)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

* [Cyber Security Tutorial In Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-JvKqQx2AteIbm-z4X709scVr9OaHpIY) - University Academy
* [Cyber Security Tutorials In HIndi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0fjgIGwLMWTFmZoLdEPoI9azA-osxcQj) - TechChip
* [Ethical Hacking Full Couse (Cyber Security in Hindi)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLa2xctTiNSCibSUhgYI2RT_loUJP9rDN6) - Masters in IT

> * [Complete Ethical Hacking Playlist(Cyber Security in Hindi)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjVLYmrlmjGea8U9nphmCHGK_v6p_wq-R) - WsCube Tech

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Complete Ethical Hacking Tutorial for Beginners to Pro 2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjVLYmrlmjGea8U9nphmCHGK_v6p_wq-R) - WsCube Tech
```

Reviewer: use the original title from the resource and avoid inventing new ones.

> * [cyber security course for beginners - Urdu/Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKJfBg0XdWkevCEJ64RK11LylBNX2-zbk) - hashintelligence

Reviewer 2: move line 689 to here

* [Cyber Security Tutorial In Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-JvKqQx2AteIbm-z4X709scVr9OaHpIY) - University Academy
* [Cyber Security Tutorials In HIndi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0fjgIGwLMWTFmZoLdEPoI9azA-osxcQj) - TechChip

> * [Complete Ethical Hacking Tutorial for Beginners to Pro 2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjVLYmrlmjGea8U9nphmCHGK_v6p_wq-R) - WsCube Tech

Reviewer 2: move line 689 to 686. it will resolve the linter issue
